add .deb package docs (#44456)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/reference/ydb-sdk/_includes/install.md

  {% include [install/cmd_rust.md](install/cmd_rust.md) %}

- C++

  ### Debian packages (Ubuntu 24.04)

  Pre-built `.deb` packages for Ubuntu 24.04 (Noble), amd64 are attached to each [GitHub release](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb-cpp-sdk/releases). Download and install them locally:

  {% include [install/cmd_cpp_deb.md](install/cmd_cpp_deb.md) %}

  Available packages:

  - `yandex-googleapis-api-common-protos` — required protobuf dependency;
  - `libydb-cpp-dev` — core SDK: static library, public headers, and CMake package files;
  - `libydb-cpp-iam-dev` — IAM credentials plugin (optional);
  - `libydb-cpp-otel-metrics-dev` — OpenTelemetry metrics plugin (optional);
  - `libydb-cpp-otel-tracing-dev` — OpenTelemetry tracing plugin (optional; requires `libydb-cpp-otel-metrics-dev` for OTel headers and libraries).

  {% note info %}

  - Supported platform: Ubuntu 24.04 (Noble), amd64.

>   - Packages are bundled without apt dependencies; install `yandex-googleapis-api-common-protos` alongside the core SDK package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The `.deb` packages do not declare apt dependencies on each other; install `yandex-googleapis-api-common-protos` together with the core SDK package.
```

- C++

  ### Debian packages (Ubuntu 24.04)

  Pre-built `.deb` packages for Ubuntu 24.04 (Noble), amd64 are attached to each [GitHub release](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb-cpp-sdk/releases). Download and install them locally:

  {% include [install/cmd_cpp_deb.md](install/cmd_cpp_deb.md) %}

  Available packages:

  - `yandex-googleapis-api-common-protos` — required protobuf dependency;
  - `libydb-cpp-dev` — core SDK: static library, public headers, and CMake package files;
  - `libydb-cpp-iam-dev` — IAM credentials plugin (optional);
  - `libydb-cpp-otel-metrics-dev` — OpenTelemetry metrics plugin (optional);
  - `libydb-cpp-otel-tracing-dev` — OpenTelemetry tracing plugin (optional; requires `libydb-cpp-otel-metrics-dev` for OTel headers and libraries).

  {% note info %}

  - Supported platform: Ubuntu 24.04 (Noble), amd64.
  - Packages are bundled without apt dependencies; install `yandex-googleapis-api-common-protos` alongside the core SDK package.
  - For other platforms, use the build-from-source instructions below.

  {% endnote %}

  | Version | Release date | Packages |
  | ------ | ------------ | ------- |

>   | v3.19.0 | 05.06.2026 | [libydb-cpp-dev](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb-cpp-sdk/releases/download/v3.19.0/libydb-cpp-dev_3.19.0_amd64.deb), [libydb-cpp-iam-dev](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb-cpp-sdk/releases/download/v3.19.0/libydb-cpp-iam-dev_3.19.0_amd64.deb), [libydb-cpp-otel-metrics-dev](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb-cpp-sdk/releases/download/v3.19.0/libydb-cpp-otel-metrics-dev_3.19.0_amd64.deb), [libydb-cpp-otel-tracing-dev](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb-cpp-sdk/releases/download/v3.19.0/libydb-cpp-otel-tracing-dev_3.19.0_amd64.deb), [yandex-googleapis-api-common-protos](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb-cpp-sdk/releases/download/v3.19.0/yandex-googleapis-api-common-protos-1.0.0-Linux.deb) |

Reviewer 2: ты правда хочешь каждый релиз записывать на эту страницу? если нет - лучше и не начинать кмк

Author: Не хочу, поправил
